With a cry, Red leaped upon Blue, knocking him down, his sword plunging for the heart. But Blue twisted like a snake, his body dissolving, rising again in a column of sickly white. 

Icy mist coiled around him. He whirled around, his fingers reaching for Red’s throat. Long, thin fingers, bringing with them the chill of death. Lief staggered back, shuddering in a cold that was beyond imagining. The fire wavered, and went out. 

Red was on his knees. The Ol that had been Blue was laughing, laughing, pressing forward, intent on destruction. Shouts and groans rang from the square as Jasmine and Barda, torches blazing, held back a hundred crawling Ols, and the prisoners were dragged away. The sky was a mass of scarlet cloud. 

Sobbing, Lief crawled to the fire. He scrambled among the dying embers, his fingers burning and freezing by turns. He found the Belt, and staggered to his feet. The Belt was covered in white ash. But it was whole. The ash dropped from its gleaming length. The gems flashed under the red sky.

Now! 
With the last of his strength, Lief threw the Belt around the Ol’s waist. With both hands he pulled it tight. And the Ol screamed, throwing up its arms so that Red fell heavily down the stone steps. Smoke rose from the place where the Belt gripped, and beneath the smoke the shuddering white flesh began to melt. The Ol twisted, trying to break free. But already it was dying. One face alone loomed from its melting white. The face of Blue, in all his moods: timid, beseeching, tearful, laughing, teasing, dignified, brave … 

Lief bent, choking, as his stomach heaved. But he held tightly to the Belt, squeezing his eyes shut. And when at last he opened his eyes, there was only an ugly puddle of white dripping down the stone steps. He clasped the Belt around his waist and threw himself down to the bottom of the pyramid, to where Red lay. 

Red was muttering, shuddering with cold. His lips were blue. Great red marks wound around his neck. There was a swelling bruise on his brow. 

“Lief!” Lief looked up wildly. Jasmine and Barda were racing towards him. The Ols in the square were not coming after them. They were wavering, aimlessly clustering together, as though they were confused. It was as though the source of their power had been struck a blow by the destruction of the great one among them. But already some of them were starting to recover. And the red clouds were tumbling, boiling, as they raced towards the city. 

Frantically hauling Red to his feet, Lief tried to think. Where could they go? Where could they hide?
